
word : MOOD 
Meaning :  the way someone feels : a person's emotional state

1-)(from Ghost Stories) we had had a good dinner, and we were all in the mood for fun and games - all, that is, except Jackson.
2-) He's been in a good mood all week. [=he's been happy and pleasant all week]
3-)Watching the news has put me in a bad mood. [=has made me unhappy and depressed]
4-)The kids are in a silly mood today.
5-)The bad news darkened/depressed her mood.
6-)She may join us later. It depends on what kind of mood she's in.
7-)It's a gorgeous day, and I'm in no mood to clean the house.
8-)(medical) mood disorders such as severe depression or anxiety

MUCH MORE (
the mood takes you
? When the mood takes you, you have the feeling of wanting to do something.
She can be very sociable when/if the mood takes her.)


word : FORFEIT
Meaning :  to lose or give up (something) as a punishment or because of a rule or law

1-)(from Ghost Stories) The last one to find "Smee" has to pay a forfeit.
2-)He forfeited his right to a trial by jury. (Juri tarafindan yargilanma hakkini kaybetti)
3-)If the money is not claimed within six months, it will be forfeited to the town. [=the owner of the money will lose any right to it]



word : REMARK
Meaning : (count)something that someone says or writes to express an opinion or idea 
Synonym: comment
Meaning 2: REMARK often suggests a quick thought or an informal judgment.

1-)(Ghost Stories)'It sounds a good game ' I remarked. ' Have you played it too, Jackson ?'
2-)I was offended by his remark.
3-)I've heard many disparaging remarks about him. (disparaging  : asagilayici)
4-)an author known for making witty/clever remarks (witty: humorous  (espirili))
5-)The incident passed without remark.(Olay dikkate alinmadan gecti.)
6-)He made a casual remark about the food.






word : IN TIME
Meaning : The opposite of in time is too late.

1-)(from Ghost Stroies) I was the last to arrive, and I was only just in time for dinner.
2-) Will you be home in time for dinner?



word : ON TIME
Meaning : On time= punctual, not late. If something happens on time, it happens at the time which was planned:

1-)The 11.45 train left on time.





word : AMUSE
Meaning : to make someone laugh or smile : to entertain (someone) in a light and pleasant way   (entartain : eğlendirmek)

1-)(from Ghost  Stories) Mrs Gorman was being very bright and amusing.
2-)His silly jokes amused the audience.
3-)It amuses me to think of how he looked when I last saw him.
4-)The loss did not amuse the coach. [=the coach was not happy about the loss]



word : PASSAGE
Meaning :  a narrow space that people or things can move through

1-)(From Ghost Stories) She heard somebody coming, and ran along the passage to get away.
2-)We squeezed through a narrow passage between the rocks.  (squeeze :sıkmak,sıkıştırmak )
3-)Special ships clear passages through the ice.


