 
word :  DESTINED

Meaning : [Destined : cumledeki anlami olmayi karar verdiginiz kisi]

1-)Push yourself to become the person you are DESTINED to become. 



word : DOUBT 
Meaning : 

1-)Never doubt yourself. Doubt kill  more dreams  than failure ever will.



word : GRIND
Meaning : a person who works or studies too much

1-)Let Them Sleep While You Grind The Difference Will Show! - Study Motivation
2-)In college he had a reputation as a grind [=(Brit) swot] who never went to parties.



word : ACCURATE 
Meaning :  free from mistakes or errors; able to produce results that are correct : not making mistakes

1-)simple done accurately is better  than  comlicated done  inaccurately
2-)The model is accurate down to the tiniest details.
3-)Her novel is historically accurate.
4-)The machines were not yet accurate enough to give useful results
5-)It is very difficult to accurately predict the weather. [adverb]
6-)The book's title does not accurately reflect its subject.[adverb]



word : RESTRICTED
Meaning :  having a set limit; having definite rules about what or who is allowed and not allowed [definite : certain]

1-)He is on a severely/very restricted diet.
2-)The beach has restricted access. [=only certain people can go on the beach]
3-)(I am restricted because I know very little words)



word : REDUCE
Meaning :  to make (something) smaller in size, amount, number, etc : Decrease

1-)The medicine reduces the risk of infection.

2-)We are trying to reduce our debt.
3-)Stricter speed limit enforcement has reduced the number of car accidents.
4-)Her prison sentence was reduced from 15 years to 10. [sentence : yargi]
5-)Reduce your word count



word : TERRIFIED
Meaning : extremely afraid

1-)I was/felt terrified and just wanted to go home.
2-)The thought of losing his job has him terrified.
3-)She was terrified that she was going to die alone. = She was terrified of dying alone.



word : ENCOUNTER
Meaning :  A meeting that is not planned or expected

1-)There are  many problems that we may encounter. 
2-)We may  encounter  many problems 
